Be yourself; everyone else is already taken.
The airplane takes off against the wind, not with it.
Whatever you are, be a good one.
You define your own life. Don’t let others write your script.
We will fail when we fail to try.
You do not find the happy life. You make it.
Time flies. You’re the pilot.
Yesterday is history, tomorrow is a mystery, today is a gift of God.
Real change, enduring change, happens one step at a time.
No use going back to yesterday, because I was a different person.
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams
It is never too late to be what you might have been.
Change is inevitable. Growth is optional.
If I cannot do great things, I can do small things in a great way.
If my life is going to mean anything, I have to live it myself.
I never dreamed about success. I worked for it.
If you want to lift yourself up, lift up someone else.
Action is the foundational key to all success.
You must find the place inside yourself where nothing is impossible.
If you don’t like the road you’re walking, start paving another one.
Nothing is impossible, the word itself says ‘I’m possible!’
Start where you are. Use what you have. Do what you can.
Once you face your fear, nothing is ever as hard as you think.
I have not failed. I’ve just found 10,000 ways that won’t work.
I scorched the earth with my talent and I let my light shine.
Believe you can and you’re halfway there.
When you have a dream, you’ve got to grab it and never let go.
You change the world by being yourself.
No matter what people tell you, words and ideas can change the world
Everything is hard before it is easy.
Anyone who has never made a mistake has never tried anything new.
Never look back unless you are planning to go that way.
Life is tough my darling, but so are you.
You must do the things you think you cannot do.
A #2 pencil and a dream can take you anywhere.
Turn your wounds into wisdom.
None but ourselves can free our minds.
One person can make a difference, and everyone should try.
Perfect is boring. Human is beautiful.
Passion first and everything will fall into place.
Definitions belong to the definers, not the defined.